I 10 our cocoa this Steve bahara the
vice-chancellor Massey University here
and y'all know we've done a few video
logs over the past few months to try and
make sure that we're talking with
students and inviting your comments on
things that are important to the
University so today we're going to focus
on distance education and that's why
Ralph's break here is the president of
xmas as with me and I'd like to
introduce a new person to the University
been here for a very short period of
time dr. Ingrid day it was the new ABC
academic and we'll focus of course on
extra mural distance issues as as well I
thought I just start by asking Ralph for
you think so the main issues on the
minds of distance students at the
present time because this is coming
towards the end of the year but what do
you think's concerning people now as
they lined up their studies I think can
I hope think they're going to be looking
at next year there's some challenges in
the environment that students are
studying in policy changes the
government's driving and in the economic
sort of situation is as a real chalice
places for distance learning may be
contested next year may not be automatic
entry and I think that's going to be
part hi it was a genius of course we've
got a lot of concern people unduly
because these things are looted not real
yet so what could they do to stay in
touch to see policy developments I think
a good place to go is the xmas website
the eastern of student societies website
as has feeds from from the government
policies there is also the ability just
to bring up and ask people so do that
they're one of the exciting things over
last little while has been the long hair
ordered and waited for ABC epidemic that
we've been talking about getting onto
the campus and I know your people
circular keen to see the area of
distance education given a lot more
prominence again what are you looking
for from the new role that dr. days is
fine well I think there needs to be some
good leadership and
cnet over 40 guys you've already been
here and an so clear direction and an
understanding of what the future is
going out okay in introducing you maybe
you could put word about where you've
come from but then you've been here for
short for your plan but I know your
forms from impressions that we want to
take things so sure shows that my
background well as different students
who might be interested to know I
started in University of my first job
was actually editing the study materials
that you get sent some distance
education study materials so a
background well I'm truly grounded in at
the University of South Australia and
delighted to be in zilla pleased to be
here and really delighted to be in such
a university with such a strong focus on
distance education because i think when
we when we plan how we teach and how we
learn distance education is an
outstanding environment in which to try
and get it right eventually what am I
looking at well one of the things that's
Ralph and you will know I've discussed
in the last few weeks is actually trying
to enhance the body distance students
get access to study materials so at the
moment i think is primarily print-based
materials that that students get and
that that certainly has place but i want
to increase the choices and so maybe
maybe sorts of things we're looking at
her maybe getting materials on memory
sticks or flash drives or electronic
readers or being able to download from
the University website not as a you must
persuade but as an option so the
students who prefer to get your
materials electronically we're looking
at exploring it right away and providing
those materials ok that's consistent
with the way into this he sees itself as
moving into a or the corner Richard
digital environment so that students
whether they are studying on a campus or
whether they're doing
in a distance I get the real benefits of
one's a bit of a revolution now in
learning because there's so much more
you can do with with that digital
environment so we'll watch those
developments okay we like to keep these
short as we've always said previously
because we know that a long video log is
not a great one so that we close up
there but invite you to contact me if
there are issues that you want to raise
about University or talk with ralpherz
he has suggested in relation to xmas
issues or if the things you just want to
pass on to dr. day while she's thinking
about wish you might go for me about to
you from you okay go well enjoy your
studies and we'll talk to you again